[DOC] call out know issue 14574 in download page [skip ci] (#14629)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

For a detailed list of changes, please refer to the
[CHANGELOG](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

### Known Issues

> * PERFILE reader may return incorrect counts for zero-column Delta scans with deletion vectors ([#14574](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/14574)). Triggered when all of the following apply: the Delta table has deletion vectors enabled (`delta.enableDeletionVectors=true`), `spark.rapids.sql.format.parquet.reader.type=PERFILE`, `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=true`, and the query reads zero data columns (e.g. `SELECT COUNT(*) ... WHERE <partition predicate>`). Workaround: use the default `MULTITHREADED`/`COALESCING` reader, or set `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=false`.

Reviewer: Suggestions.

- The deletion vector table property (`delta.enableDeletionVectors`) does not really matter to trigger the bug. The delta table should have deletion vector files created.
- The default reader type is `AUTO`, not `MULTITHREADED` or `COALESCING`.
- We should not recommend to set `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=false` as it will lead to performance degradation.

```suggestion
* PERFILE reader may return incorrect counts for zero-column Delta scans with deletion vectors ([#14574](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/14574)). Triggered when all of the following apply: the Delta table has deletion vector files created for the latest snapshot, `spark.rapids.sql.format.parquet.reader.type=PERFILE`, `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=true`, and the query reads zero data columns (e.g. `SELECT COUNT(*) ... WHERE <partition predicate>`). Workaround: use the default reader (`AUTO`). 
```

Reviewer 2: Nit:

Change "Triggered" to "This can be triggered".

Author: updated

> * PERFILE reader may return incorrect counts for zero-column Delta scans with deletion vectors ([#14574](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/14574)). Triggered when all of the following apply: the Delta table has deletion vectors enabled (`delta.enableDeletionVectors=true`), `spark.rapids.sql.format.parquet.reader.type=PERFILE`, `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=true`, and the query reads zero data columns (e.g. `SELECT COUNT(*) ... WHERE <partition predicate>`). Workaround: use the default `MULTITHREADED`/`COALESCING` reader, or set `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=false`.

Reviewer 3: > use the default `MULTITHREADED`/`COALESCING` reader

```suggestion
* PERFILE reader may return incorrect counts for zero-column Delta scans with deletion vectors ([#14574](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/14574)). Triggered when all of the following apply: the Delta table has deletion vectors enabled (`delta.enableDeletionVectors=true`), `spark.rapids.sql.format.parquet.reader.type=PERFILE`, `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=true`, and the query reads zero data columns (e.g. `SELECT COUNT(*) ... WHERE <partition predicate>`). Workaround: remove  explicit spark.rapids.sql.format.parquet.reader.type configuration to utilize the default `MULTITHREADED`/`COALESCING` reader, or set `spark.rapids.sql.delta.deletionVectors.predicatePushdown.enabled=false`.
```
